Add banner and page on pages transition (#515)
18F/federalist.18f.gov: pages/cloud-gov-pages.md

---
title: Federalist is becoming cloud.gov Pages
permalink: /cloud-gov-pages/
layout: default
---

<div id="home">
  <div class="usa-grid">
    <div class="usa-width-one-whole">
      <h1>
        Federalist is becoming...
      </h1>
      <div class="pages-announcement">
        <h1>
          <div class="img-block">
            <img alt="cloud.gov" src="{{site.baseurl}}/assets/images/logos/cg-logo.svg" />
          </div>
          <span>Pages</span>
          🎉
        </h1>
      </div>
      <hr class="hr-light">
      <p class="pages-prose">
        We are undergoing a transition to be more aligned with our cloud.gov suite of services. Federalist is changing to
        <img
          alt="cloud.gov logo icon"
          src="{{site.baseurl}}/assets/images/logos/cg-logo-icon.svg"
        />
        <span>cloud.gov Pages</span>!

>         Pages is the same great services provided to you with your current Federalist agreement, just with a new name and some new features to coming soon. We are working on a transition guide and FAQ, and will start publishing updates at the end of <span>June, 2021</span>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Pages offers the same great services provided to you with your current Federalist agreement, just with a new name along with some new features soon to come. We are working on a transition guide and FAQ, and will start publishing updates at the end of <span>June, 2021</span>.
```
